# pseudo_words_generator
Generates pseudo words based in the book 'Os Maias' from Eça de Queiroz. 

Use the gerar_pseudo_palavras() function and give an integer as argument, this integer is number of pseudo words to generate. All the generated words go to the 
pseudo_palavras.txt file, it is overwriten. The program uses some information to generate the words, this information is stored in the info_gerador_de_palavra.txt file.
To create the information needed the book 'Os Mais' was used. The book is stored in the livro_pseudo_palavras.txt file. It is possibel to change the words generated by
changing the text in this file and using the analizar() function. 

To create a word the program follows this steps:
- chose a size for the word to be generated according to the list tamanhos, it has the percentage of word by size, it starts at 4 letters and goes up to 17.
- chose a random 3 letter combination (syllable) from the list silabas_i_l , the probability of each syllable is set by the dictionary frequencias_i_d.
- chose another syllable from the list given by using the first syllable as key in the dictionary ligações_i_d, the probability
for each syllable on this list is given by a list stored in the dictionary frequencias_d that has as key the first syllable.
- repeat the previous step but using the ligações_d dictionary, until the size of the word matches the size chosen in the first step.

All the lists and dictionarys mencioned above are the info stored in the info_gerador_de_palavras.txt file.
When a syllable is added to word being made, only the last letter of the new syllable is added to the word. 

The inspiration to do this project was this website https://feldarkrealms.com/

Some words generated by the program:
apraltes bolholar brostela deimente destam feraçava filum horios humandoantado luva luvandesefi manifasu manos meimasi palesofeir parfundosava prel sacar veimasema veradovor
